This is Doug this is Doug moving
This is Doug moving to weeknights at 7-6 central.
Really?
That's great! Congratulations!
Same great guy at a new great time.
That's Doug.
Starting Monday, join him every weeknight at 7-6 central on Nickelodeon.
This is how happy you'll be.
Good morning, Colin.
Brooklyn, do you hear what Kellogg's race 50s are saying?
Mine says it's going to be a long day.
Look, Chris, it's only mature.
Kellogg's race is the serial. The loud part is complete.
Not correct.
Mine says, please, no more homework.
What did your race Christie say?
Kids like me are running the world. I finally have my own room.
And no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
because I have a special lock put on my door.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack, I just go downstairs
because I'm having a Mickey D's bit on the house.
Excellent.
What can happen?
Imagine if you made a drawing so good, everybody had to lick it.
If you win our stamp design contest, it could happen.
Kids 8 to 13 can pick up free details of McDonald's
or write to this address.
You could get your drawing printed on a postage stamp
or win other nifty gifties.
Entries must be received by April 30th.
You're getting very greedy.
You are me, Wario.
You're very handsome.
You have a many powers.
Plundering village pirates treasure.
Bag of Brazilian coins.
Buy me a castle bigger than Mario's.
Repeat after me.
I'm the bad guy in Wario Land.
Super Mario Land 3.
Where being bad is good and greed is good.
And then get it on Game Boy, greedy.
Snick.
That's Snick.
The Snicket.
Snick's there.
Snick's here.
It's Snicking Hour.
Saturday night.
Nickelodeon.
It's Snick.
Snick.
We're going to Snick.
And you can Snick.
It's time to Snick.
Now.
Certain days mean certain things.
Like birthdays mean presents.
Mondays mean school.
And today means run for the hills.
That's because today marks the 15th wedding anniversary
of our neighbors, the Supersteins.
That means for the fourth year in a row,
Mr. and Mrs. Supersteins will ask me to babysit for them.
Any other time of the year,
I can find a way to get out of it.
But somehow, on their anniversary,
no matter what I do,
I get guilt tripped into the job.
So what's so bad about that?
Historically, babysitting has always been
one tough business.
Even in prehistoric times,
young Neanderthals couldn't be trusted.
But with the grown-ups gone,
it didn't take them two minutes
to start wrecking the place.
Talk about primitive.
As time passed, things went from bad to worse.
Medieval parents were just as clueless.
And for the babysitter,
the castle became a chamber of horrors.
Being locked in the dungeon would have been a relief.
Today, babysitters are paid in cold hard cash,
tons of TV, and talk on the phone all night long.
But no perks are worth babysitting
Little Elsie's Supersteins for the fourth year in a row.
If I wind up minding that brat again,
it's gonna be different.
It's gonna get ugly.
This year, it's gonna be war.
Ready for a true-life war story?
Every year, right here on Shadow Lane,
Little Elsie's Supersteins launches
a full-scale attack on yours truly.
Here's a brief look
at my personal combat record with Little Elsie.
But be warned, it's not for the faint of heart.
Three years ago, Little Elsie was in her arts and crafts stage,
which normally would be normal.
Except Elsie decided to give my favorite new blouse
the Jackson Pollock treatment.
I don't know if it's art, but I hate it.
Two years ago, Little Elsie decided
it would be fun to play hide-and-seek.
You'd out where she hid.
I was too busy seeking shelter.
Last year was the last straw.
I thought I could tame Elsie with my old Susie Baker bake kit.
Seemed pretty harmless at the time.
But Little Elsie gave a whole new meaning to the phrase
hell's a poppin'.
So what's Elsie got in store for me this year?
I'm not sticking around to find out.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
What are you doing here?
I thought you'd be halfway to Albania by now
with Little Elsie on the loose.
She's not out yet, Sam.
My yearly calculations, I still have
three minutes and 59 seconds before Mrs. Superstein calls.
And tonight, by the time she does, I'll be going, going.
Gone.
We can't be Mrs. Superstein.
She's early. That's cheating.
Hey, Al's fair and loving babysitting.
I can answer it.
There. See, that wasn't so bad.
Hey, I guess avoidance has its place.
Now let's get out of here before...
Telephone!
Oh, hi, Mrs. Superstein.
Listen, this year about babysitting Little Elsie,
I, uh...
Uh-huh.
Well, you know, normally I would.
It's just that...
Could you hold on a second?
Why is it so hard to tell someone I don't like your kid?
To tell it's nothing personal.
How much more personal could it get?
Listen, Mrs. Superstein, about tonight, I...
Um...
Where?
Movies. Well, yeah, it's a boxing movie.
Yeah.
It's my favorite genre.
And ooh, I better run if I want to make coming attractions.
Sorry, I can't babysit Little Elsie.
Sorry.
Yeah, I, uh, maybe next time.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
That was close. Thanks, Sam.
No problemo.
I can't believe it. I'm off the hook.
That was easy.
You're right, Sam.
Maybe too easy.
Guess six.
Nice night for babysitting, don't you think?
The air is crisp.
The leaves are turning.
The threat of random violence is in the air.
Say cheese.
Oh, great.
I love seeing blue dots everywhere I look.
Thanks. I needed a before picture.
What, before you learn how to use a camera?
No, subject still exhibits lamo-sensitive humor
as defense mechanism.
I've decided that your yearly battle with Elsie
Silverstein demands documentation of full audio
and visual records.
Might make a nice photo spread in Life magazine.
I'm sure.
Happy to disappoint you, Ferg nerd,
but this year I'm free and clear.
Of course you are.
I don't know, Janet, do we really have to go?
Marshall, it's the neighborhood block party.
If we skip it, what will the neighbors think?
That we have a life?
That's funny.
Now, your father and I will be back later tonight.
Ferguson, try not to overdo it watching television.
Oh, sure, Mom, but there is that documentary
on the salt marsh amoeba I've been looking forward to.
Uh-huh.
Clarissa, what are you doing tonight?
Tell you what I'm not doing.
Baby's sitting for a little Elsie Silverstein.
Oh, what a shame, honey. She's such a cute kid.
Yeah, she's got such adorable little giggle,
and when she looks at you, it's hard not to melt.
Are you sure we're talking about the same little Elsie?
Maybe they met the one from a parallel universe.
That would explain it.
What, you don't want a baby sit for her, Clarissa?
Mom, baby's sitting for a little Elsie is like surviving a shark attack.
Only her victims can truly understand the horror.
Yeah, well, you got yourself out of it this year.
Looks like there's nothing to worry about.
I guess.
Still, I have this cold sense of dread that my worrying has just begun.
What do you mean, Clarissa?
Well, you remember last year, the Plunkett twins were supposed to baby sit for them.
I mean, there are two of them.
How did two people suddenly sprain their left ankle?
Well, there is one way to ensure you don't have to baby sit for her.
How?
How do you do it?
Can't you recommend someone who would like the job?
Like it?
Well, I guess I know a few hardcore masochists.
Clarissa, were you able to find a substitute babysitter?
Well, I gave Mrs. Oberstein a bunch of names,
but I don't know if anyone's going to come through.
Come on, Jenna, let's get this thing over with.
Oh, Marshal, honestly, sometimes I get the feeling
you don't want to know our neighbors at all.
That's the problem.
I've met them, I know them, and I have no desire to mingle with them.
Party pooper.
Oh!
Hi.
Hi, hi, hi.
Just thought I'd drop by and say hello.
It's not a bad time, is it?
Quick, Sam, set something on fire.
In the confusion, I'll make my escape.
Gotcha.
Hello, Clarissa.
So, Jenna, what brings you by?
Well, as you may know, it's Ned and my 15th wedding anniversary.
Oh, congratulations.
I just thought I'd drop by and invite you to join us.
Oh, well, that's very sweet,
but wouldn't you two rather be alone?
Well, it's out of our hands.
We're stuck at home with no one to look after little Elsie.
So you couldn't find a babysitter, huh?
We called and called and called.
Well, where's little Elsie now?
Oh, she's right...
Little Elsie, what are you doing out there on the sidewalk?
Don't you want to say hello to the darlings?
She is so shy.
That's what Genghis Khan's mother said.
She knew the block party was tonight,
and, well, since she couldn't go,
she just had to say hello to her favorite neighbors.
Oh, that's so sweet.
Come on in here, Puddin.
Hi.
Come on, that's it.
Aw, here she is.
Say hello to the darlings, Elsie.
Hello, Mrs. Darling.
Hello, Mr. Darling.
It's so very nice to see you again.
I think I might fall off.
Well, that's it.
She just wanted to come by to say hello.
We'd better be going home now.
Ned and I are planning on celebrating our anniversary
by renting some old videotape.
Uh-uh, look out and coming guilt trip.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Superstine.
I really would do it if I wasn't going to the movies.
Going to the movies? Where? The Octoplex Theater?
Uh, yeah.
Oh, good news.
They're closing the Octoplex Theater for the weekend.
They're bombing it for roaches.
Looks like you'll be able to babysit little Elsie after all.
Glad I could help.
Let me know if you need anything.
You know I'll be around.
Theresa?
What can I say?
Are you sure it's all right with you, dear?
Hey, babysitting little Elsie
is my inescapable destiny.
Oh, then it's settled.
Little Elsie, you're going to stay here
with your favorite babysitter, Clarissa.
Goodie!
All right, come on. We've got to get going.
Right. That's what we won't be late.
Oh, me neither. Got to pick up Elsie.
Thanks again.
Bye, sweetie.
Farewell. Goodbye.
Do me a favor, Sam. Don't go anywhere.
Maybe those are the odds you need to survive.
Thanks, I owe you.
Before things get ugly, there's one thing I want to say.
Say it, squirt.
Okay, catch me if you can.
Looks like we're stuck here with little Elsie.
It's just a few hours.
So is the battle of midway, Sam.
And let Nick make your afternoon's legendary
on Legends of the Hidden Temple
every weekday at 5.3430 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
Together we ain't got no money.
You're a part of me.
You get the priority back in the clouds, baby.
Introducing Fetch Armstrong's
Fetch Armstrong's incredible dog.
Fetch Armstrong swishes like a good dog.
He always returns to his original shape.
And now Fetch also comes
with a new action figure sign.
How'd he do that?
Tressable bendable fetch and Fetch Armstrong
from Cat Toys throughout.
You're getting very greedy.
You are me, Wario.
You're very handsome.
You have amazing powers.
Plunder and village pirates treasure.
Bag of Acyan coins.
Buy me a castle bigger than Wario's.
Be after me.
I'm the bad guy in Wario Land.
Super Mario Land 3.
Where being bad is good
and greed is good.
Come and get it on Game Boy, greedy.
Yo! Are you hip to these?
Are you in the zone?
Cause here's where Able Mini's
were made to go.
In your mouth!
Who needs a play?
Cause they made it to your face.
In your mouth!
They're mega yum.
Able Mini!
Show them how it's done.
You can follow me in your mouth.
Move another down.
Give them all you got.
Where's it gonna stop?
In your mouth!
Trouble for size.
Able Mini!
Open wide!
It's gonna play with your ego.
Far out.
Able Mini's the waffles.
It's gonna get your scouts.
Able Mini's part of this complete breakfast
that's made you fit.
In your mouth!
In most sports, being bigger
or stronger or faster
is all it takes to win.
Well Nickelodeon got says not most sports.
It goes beyond conventional measures
to pit kids against the elements,
against gravity,
against a grueling mountainside.
And in the end,
it doesn't matter if you're big or small
or if you're a boy or a girl,
it all comes down to one thing.
Good!
Do you have it?
Watch Nickelodeon's Guts,
The Great Equalizer,
every weekday at 5.30, 4.30 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
If I hated everyone who was black
or white
or Asian or Native American
or Jewish
or disabled
or too skinny
or fat
or was a little too shy
or wear clothes I didn't like
or talked away I didn't talk.
I don't want to be too many people left for life.
Prejudice is when you don't like someone
just because they're different.
Make friends with someone different.
Right now, Sam's in the living room
trying to corral a little Elsie.
Hey, put that down!
Sounds like he's holding his own.
I feel guilty tag-teaming an eight-year-old.
But hey,
when you're taming a force of nature,
you want to go in there with heavy numbers.
Ow! Ow, let go!
I better make this fast.
Having spent the last three years in the field doing research,
I now have a pretty good idea
of what will tame little Elsie.
First, there's chocolate pudding.
Last year it was the only thing she would eat.
So now she can have all she wants.
There's my full-scale video library.
I've got everything from my little unicorn
to slash Gordon.
Something for every taste.
Hey, come on now. I think that's flammable.
Rope. Good solid rope.
No explanation necessary.
Now I better go help Sam.
Clarison.
You told me she was a pad.
You never said she was evil incarnate.
Don't worry, Sam.
This year I've got the tools that can control little Elsie.
Okay, but if you're not packing
thermonuclear warheads,
I think you're traveling light.
Where is she, anyway?
I think I lost her somewhere
between the basement and the attic.
Rest up, Sam.
You're a good man.
I'll handle it from here.
Good luck.
These big guys tie it easy.
What's the matter, lightweight?
Can't see these.
Elsie.
Listen.
Can't we call a truce?
I just want to get this over with as smoothly as possible.
Collect my money and take the next 364 days off.
Deal?
I'm not signing anything without having my lawyer presence.
Ah, come on.
Got lots of fun stuff for you to play with.
Our tools?
No.
Have you machinery?
Not exactly.
Well, what then?
Well, you'll never know if you don't come with me.
Oh, I get it.
Little psychology bit.
Clev.
I wonder if I can charge the Soap Christine's
extra for combat pay.
Beam reses, dude, you said.
Well, let's see.
Because respecting elders is a time-odder tradition.
Because your parents paid good money
for a valuable service.
And because if you don't, I'll just have...
I can't.
You upset me.
I brought video tapes.
Let me see.
Unlimited TV just for you.
Saw it.
Don't want to see it.
You call this a collection?
You mean you don't see anything you like?
No, besides, TV's bad for my eyes.
You're not trying to ruin a little kid's eyes, are you?
Of course not.
What else have you got?
I know.
Guess what's in the refrigerator just for you?
Don't tell me you're going to make me
the all-natural garbage your mom slaps together.
Hey, leave my mom's cooking alone.
Can't believe I just said that.
Well, what then?
Chocolate pudding, your favorite.
Was my favorite?
Now that stuff makes me bark.
You're not trying to make a little kid bark, are you?
Perish the thought.
What else have you got?
And snap it up.
It's almost bedtime.
That does it. Go for the rope.
Action photo!
Pulitzer material? Who's to say?
Let's get some great shots of Sam, however.
A photo essay. I'll call it passed out.
Very candid.
Ferguson, why don't you take a hike?
Oh, no can do, Sish.
When I finish covering tonight's little adventure,
I'll be known as Mr. Capture the Action.
Say cheese.
Any stress with cotton? Do cheese fur and ghee?
I don't know any kind.
Be spontaneous.
Okay. Cheese!
Now you, sis, I'll call this one
Predator and the Prey.
See?
What, chicken butt?
Let's talk girl to girl.
No.
You like Fergie?
He's my boyfriend.
Uh-huh. Congratulations.
You know what?
If you just sat there and watched a videotape,
it would make Fergie really happy, okay?
I'll be right back.
Talk about a warped love connection.
Still, it is kind of obvious when you think about it.
Oh, Fergie!
Ladies and gentlemen of the Pulitzer Committee,
I really don't deserve this award.
Oh, okay, I do.
Still, I like to say that...
Ferguson, we have to talk.
Sure, sis.
It's just that...
Do you smell that?
Smell what?
It's a very distinctive aroma.
Yes, it's the smell of fear.
Yes, fear and desperation, definitely.
Mm-hmm.
And it's coming from your general direction.
Ferguson, I need your help.
It'll cost you.
How much?
How much you got?
I'm broke.
Okay, then. I also believe in credit.
Let's say, 75% of your babysitting take
from the so-persteins.
75%? That's robbery!
Well, then, what can I say?
Stick them up.
Thanks for nothing, Fergie.
You're a spineless little...
I got bored, so I wanted to see how the video tape works.
Uh, hi, Fergie.
65% and not a penny more.
Done.
No, thanks.
Fergie?
Yeah?
Cheese!
Remember?
Yeah, I remember.
You sure you don't want any popcorn?
Well, thanks.
Fergie?
Yeah?
Cheese!
Okay, I'll see ya.
Yeah, that's great.
Watch the TV. Maybe you'll see some cheese.
Fergie?
Okay, I'll see.
Please, enough with the cheese already.
You know, I can't say enough about this popcorn.
Hot, not too much salt. Really perfect.
Can I help you out?
No, that's okay, really. I'm fine right here.
Believe me.
I'll give you $5 not to say cheese.
When I'm 24, you'll be 31.
That's true.
You'll have to marry me.
That's false.
What?!
TV's okay, but nothing beats live theater.
You're not going to make me cry, are you?
The furthest thing from my mind,
the fact is, I'll see ya.
I've got a girlfriend. Yeah.
As a matter of fact, I've got a lot of girlfriends.
I'm bad news, and I admit it.
You want to find somebody who can make you happy.
Maybe a third grader.
I quit.
I get the picture.
If you don't love me, you'll fear me first, darling.
I'm going to make your life a living nightmare.
Oh, please.
Deal's off.
Keep your dough.
Say, shouldn't you be out learning
to spell or something?
This is an outrage.
Welcome to the world.
At no price.
Hey, Ferguson, why don't you make her the sandwich?
In fact, why don't I help show you
where the bridge is?
I'm going to make her the sandwich.
In fact, why don't I help show you
where the bread is?
It's in the bread drawer.
I think I will need your help
showing me where the special bread is.
If you guys want to talk about me,
that's okay. Go ahead.
Take your time.
I'll ride here.
Sis, that's so rotten.
That's so sneaky.
You can't be serious.
I think it's fair to do that to a little kid.
Well, okay.
Oh, Elsie.
We'd like to talk to you.
What's that behind your back?
Nothing.
Is that the best you could do?
It holds camera behind the back trick.
I told you it would never work.
You're going to take pictures of me when I'm back.
I'll show it until my parents end.
Ooh, why be in trouble then, you boobs?
I guess she's just too smart for us.
You can't stop me.
You can never stop me.
I've gotten away with murder every year
and so I'll keep getting away with it every year.
Well, you can't blame a girl for trying.
Try it all at once.
I've done more property damage.
All three of these weapons always combined.
Parents will never catch me.
They're too stupid.
I've gotten away with murder every year.
I'm prepared to make you
a very attractive offer for that tape.
Sorry.
We'll take it out and trade.
Mudge, just sit back,
relax and enjoy my littlest unicorn.
No way.
That stuff makes me puke.
Hey, bonus.
Okay. I behave.
Uh, you give me the tape
when my parents come back.
Maybe.
Wow.
What would you do to calm her down?
Oh, nothing I shouldn't have thought of years ago.
Cool.
Yeah.
Kids.
You know, I love them.
I'll hand it to you, Janet.
That block party last night was a great idea.
Huh?
Lots of great food and I met some neighbors
I never met before.
And I won the 35 and over limbo contest.
I forgot to ask.
Where did you end up disappearing to?
I was down in a corner by the punch wall
and went over the finer points of restarting the lawn.
Morning.
Well, sister, I've got to hand it to you.
It was a pleasure doing business with you.
Thanks.
Well, you two sound happy.
Yeah. You see, baby sitting doesn't have to be so bad after all.
It was a complete crash course in child psychology.
And we passed with flying colors.
Oh, I'll get it.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Edna.
She was?
What's that?
You and Edna are going away next weekend.
Well, I don't know. I'll ask.
Clarissa?
Ferguson?
I don't mean to blow off the Supersteins,
but when it comes to babysitting little Elsie,
once a year is once a year too much.
Now you're tuned to the channel for animals.
The network for wet noses.
The place more pets pick than any other.
Sit on the couch
and stay right where you are.
Roar.
A hole in the head at the roundhouse.
Next.
Right here, on SNCC.
Clarissa explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon studios
at Universal Studios
Orlando, Florida.
And so one day when it began to snow,
he looked around and said,
Okay, now we can go.
Through by the foot.
Long or far.
You're getting very greedy.
You are me, Mario.
You're very handsome.
You have amazing powers.
Plunder and village pirates treasure.
Bag of Brazilian coins.
Buy me a castle bigger than Mario's.
Repeat after me.
I'm the bad guy in Wario Land.
Super Mario Land 3.
Where being bad is good
and greed is good.
I'm indebted on Game Boy.
Greedy.
It's like nothing you've ever seen.
Because there is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all new scary tale on
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on SNCC.
We just mean that he likes
to express our feelings for those we love.
You know, you are still
my little booty face.
And you are still
my little booty head.
Now move your big duty butt.
You're blocking the TV.
You don't have to be such a horses patootie about it.
I know you love me, but you just can't say it.
Of course I can.
Well, go ahead.
I...
Having trouble saying the L word
will turn to the yearning channel
with programming especially for the affectionately impaired.
Catch all the fun on the light connection
or take a cruise on the
I'm fond of you but not quite ready for a commitment boat.
Or enjoy the antics of that
wacky redhead on everybody's favorite
Lucy doesn't completely blow.
And coming soon a channel for people
who use the word love too lightly.
I love this sandwich.
Well, if you love it so much, then why don't you marry it?
Well, she's marrying across the old hill
for crying out loud.
Well, that's what I got and you don't hear me complain.
Dearly beloved, we have gathered here
in this fantasy sequence to join this kid
in this delicious Turkish sandwich.
Sandwich, do you take this girl
as your lawfully wedded wife
to nourish and sustain her at least
until dinner?
I don't.
And Sheila, do you take this sandwich to munch into chew?
And do you promise to refrigerate
any unused portion as long
as you can find a little plastic baggie?
Sure.
And by the pickles vested in me
I now pronounce you sandwich and wife.
Don't have a leg.
You're young.
You'll snack again.
Hey, Reg, don't forget field days this weekend.
We are defending three-legged race champions.
Hey, well, I didn't forget, Mo.
But what's with the chair on your leg?
Well, I'm just getting used to having something
strapped to my leg.
We're on for practice tomorrow, right?
Oh, yeah, but you bet. I mean, after all,
we're just a couple of all-American boys
who don't care about anything but playing sports
and hanging out and...
We interrupt this life to bring you this special bulletin.
Puberty has apparently just hit
young Reginald Enniquid.
How bad is it, Dave? Well, it looks like a big one.
It's got all the classic signs.
The acne eruptions, the voices cracking,
he's breaking out into a cold sweat.
It looks like the big P for sure.
Well, our sources indicate that the outbreak was centered here.
And then it measured 8.3 on the how-and-a-how-and-a-how
scale. How will this affect Reggie, Dave?
Well, that remains to be seen, but one thing's for sure.
Up until this moment, he did all his thinking with his head.
Come on, Mo. We're going to be late for class.
Wow.
Here comes Nancy, a hooter.
That's Hooper.
Dude, she's so hot.
She's all right. What are you, blind?
She's hotter than French Frank Fox in a pepper patch.
I've got to find a way to meet her.
Maybe I'll try something my dad said would work.
Uh, hey, baby.
What's your sign?
If you stink at meeting members of the opposite sex,
try pickups, the handy stick on pickup line to Spencer.
Just stick pickups wherever you meet girls,
then throw out a line and reel in the babes.
It's that easy.
This is a good place for a pickup.
Hey, your name must be Candy,
because you sure are sweet.
Oh!
Let me try.
Milk, eggs, cheese.
That's my shopping list.
And from the makers of pickups, try kiss-ups,
the stick-on lips that make your mouth a make-out machine
available in regular BraceFace and French.
Boy, there's a lot to learn about this purity business.
Now it can be easy as putting your shirt on in the morning
with new puberty's.
The all-in-one puberty t-shirt
that gives the kid all the trappings of adulthood
without the growing pains.
Wow, just look at Jimmy.
I mean, just yesterday he was in a 78-pound neurotic little weasel.
And now look at him.
Boy, he's a full-on mature macho dude.
You better believe it, bucko.
Well, at least he looks like one.
Forget you. I'm gonna call my back here.
There's also puberty's for girls.
Wow!
She looks like she's built like a baby.
Wow! She looks like she's built
like a brick-three bedroom, one-and-a-half bath,
ranch-style track house.
I bet his eyes she's a neurotic little weasel, too, huh?
No way. Haven't you heard?
Girls mature faster than boys.
Uh-uh.
Now, when you order puberty's, you also get safe socks.
Because whenever you borrow someone else's socks,
you're sharing socks with everyone
they've shared socks with.
And so the reproductive organs of the damsel fly
are located in the thorax,
allowing the male to easily fertilize
the eggs on the way to the female ovipositor.
Wow.
Look at the ovipositor on that female fly.
Boy, I wish to show up. I don't get called on for anything.
Oh, no, there's a fly now.
Hey, it's two of them.
Hey, what are you guys trying to do to me?
This is absurd.
Why can't I say that word?
And why do I feel so strange?
It's two.
Oh, gosh, I really hope so.
Please explain if I complete my words.
What happened to my hormones?
I'm so neatly arranged.
I'm a clumsy creature with a million sets
when I see a teacher with a nice setup.
This is absurd.
Where did I get that word?
And why do I feel so strange?
House and the big orange couch
will sneak again after this.
I'm going to have to reach critical level.
Ava has a secret pet.
Did you run away from the zoo?
What's the matter? What's going on?
I'm stuck.
Okay.
And Dodger has a secret.
Monkey trouble.
Don't kiss up to me now.
Rated PG starts Friday March 18.
We're staying up late.
Imagine us driving cars.
Everybody knows why kids drink milk.
We like the taste, right?
Sure we do.
But milk does help us get bigger.
Imagine us in charge.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
For school.
Yes, Nancy.
What?
What's with all this Nancy?
He's got Nancy on the brain, Dad.
She's all he ever thinks about, right, Reggie?
Right, Nancy.
See what I mean?
Coming soon to a heart fairy near you,
it's Monster Crush Madness.
You'll watch as Miss Hotwheel sends your heart racing
in your hormones raging.
You'll go four on the floor as you're riding
in her fire breathing funny car of love.
But look out, because someday, someday, someday
she can break your heart.
She'll rip it out of your chest.
Monster Crush Madness, be there!
I wonder if she even
thinks about me.
I think I'm falling for Reggie.
He read me his grocery list the day in class.
How much hotter can you get?
He's cute.
You really think he likes me?
There's only one way to find out.
He loves me.
He loves me not.
Oh no, it can't be.
Every day, hearts are crushed.
Dreams are destroyed.
Hair is pulled out of the roots,
all because of the absence of one measly flower petal.
Introducing the Love Me, Love Me flower.
The flower that never lets you down
by providing that extra petal when you need it.
He loves me?
He loves me not.
He loves me not?
The only flower that comes with a pound of petal
power pump to give you plenty of plucking pleasure.
You think I should ask him to go steady?
No way.
Oh yeah, I guess he should ask me.
Are you home?
Yeah, you should ask Malice.
That's Tracy, that's Courtney, that's John,
that's Adam, that's David, and Fred,
you'll go steady with him.
Hello, Malice. I want to know if Fred,
you'll go steady with me.
Sure, Nancy. I'll call you right back.
I'm going to go steady with her.
Let's go go steady with her.
Hey, Nancy wants to know if you want to go steady.
Yes, yes, she'll love to go steady.
He says, I'm in love with Eddie.
What?
Hello.
Hey, Reg, listen, I just wanted to remind you
about practice. You're going to be there, right, pal?
Uh-huh. Salty.
Bye.
Are you like with Cindy?
What have been saved from having a tragic
crying jag with this?
Romantic alert bracelet.
Hey, fat cute cheerleader, and she's jumping
up and down. Hell, I fall into love
and I can't get up.
That young man took a cold shower
and now he's almost normal.
But that's not all Romantic Alert can do.
It can help frighten away unwanted parents.
Take a look.
Help, there's an insurer on my date.
Hello, my little sugar plum tris.
Hello, there my cute honey muffin boy.
Stopping insanity.
And for today's help, this is insane.
You, my four grain biscuit man.
Well, I enjoyed being with you as well.
My unappetizing gelatinous little square
of bean curd.
Public displays of affection at the festivities.
I repeat, no hanky-panky at field day.
Just saying no to panky.
Saying no to it.
Hey, Reg, don't forget we're practicing this afternoon.
Oh, I'm sorry. I can't, pal.
I'm going to the mall with Nancy.
Well, you do everything with Nancy.
What about your old buddy?
I'm sorry, old buddy, but Nancy and I are an item.
Well, we're magic.
We're mystery. We're forever.
We're disgusting. See ya.
Oh, boy.
Oh, that Fabio certainly is a muscular.
Gross.
She's watching that disgusting model dude again.
You know, the one with the BDI is like a possum.
I'm not going to have that pretty boy freak on my TV.
The guy looks like Brooke Shields on steroids.
Well, he tickles my fancy.
Well, I could do that. Where's your fancy?
Maybe you're just a little bit jealous of Fabio, huh?
Oh, come on.
I'll tell you what a real man can do.
Yo, dramatic announcer, introduce me.
And now for your squealing letter
direct from the guest bathroom,
it's the one, the only, Slavio.
That is right. I am Slavio.
Be a belly-stuck nugget over your dreams.
Why are you talking like that?
Because all models have an accent that sounds European,
even if they are from Burbank.
It's making my stomach hurt.
Is that my bathroom rugs in your rooty patootie?
So what do you think, honey?
Am I your boy toy?
Yes, of course you are.
Wow!
Look at the size of that.
Coming soon, look for Slavio's
own line of signature dirty underwear
and be sure to watch him on Uncle Pilko's feet.
Hey, uh, Dad, I'm having female problems.
Now what is it, son?
Bloating? Cramping?
No.
Well, I've been going out with Nancy
for almost half an episode now, and I really like her.
I don't want to get a...
When she said she loved me as a friend,
I thought a mental relationship was going great.
I said he wanted things to cool off.
Hey, no, he's putting me out.
Wake up, you sniveling boob.
Hello, I'm Dr. Larita Curran.
Every five seconds, some drip gets dropped.
Why? Because love is blind,
but it's all so stupid.
That's why I've developed the Emotion Detector.
She said I have the IQ of zucchini,
but I thought she meant it, you know, in a good way.
Emotion Detector alerts you
when subtle shifts may threaten your relationship
so you can be the dumper instead of the dumpee.
Yeah, but my girlfriend loves me.
Oh, really?
Bet you we need to talk.
I really like you and everything.
It doesn't bother me that you're always broke.
Or that you remind me of booger from the revenge of the nerds.
Danger, danger, abandoned relationship.
And I think it's really cute the way you pick your butt
and you think nobody's looking.
Dumper, idiot, run for the heels.
This isn't working out.
See ya, wouldn't want to be ya.
The Emotion Detector
avoid rejection harm with the alarm
that works like a charm.
Wait, I was going to say, but I love you anyway.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
How many combinations are there?
Combinations?
Three of a combination.
Start in every bag of Skittles.
Well, there's Grapeau Berry.
Grapeau, what?
It's a name thing.
Like Lim Lamor.
Lemma, lemma, lemma, what?
No, no, like lemon, lime, and orange.
See, every Skittles combination is a new taste with a new name.
New taste, new name, new taste, new name.
Oh, I get it.
Strawberry.
Lemon.
Orange.
Orange-remembering.
Perhaps not.
So how many combinations are there in every bag of Skittles?
Bite-sized candies.
Find out for yourself.
Taste the rainbow.
Can I try it again?
You're getting very greedy.
You are me, Wario.
Handsome.
You have amazing powers.
Plundering village pirates treasure.
Bag of a zillion coins.
Find me a castle bigger than Mario's.
Repeat after me.
I'm the bad guy in Wario Land, Super Mario Land 3.
Where being bad is good and greed is good.
Come and get it on Game Boy, greedy.
Kids like me are running the world.
I'd finally have my own room.
My friends would be allowed to come in,
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack,
I'll just go downstairs,
because I'm having a Mickey D's built on props.
Excellent.
Hey, it can happen.
Imagine if you made a drawing so good,
everybody had to lick it.
If you win our stamp design contest, it could happen.
Kids 8 to 13 can pick up free details
at McDonald's or write to this address.
You could get your drawing printed on a postage stamp
or win other nifty gifties.
Entries must be received by April 30th.
To Roundhouse and Snick, only on Nick.
I'm such a mess.
My makeup's running, my face is swollen.
What's a girl to do?
Hi, I'm Lonnie Anderson.
Burton, I fell out faster than his hair,
but I kept looking my best with
Recover Girl Breakup Makeup.
The line of cosmetics
made especially for girls under rebound.
Like me?
Recover Girl has no tears mascara,
bite your lipstick, and my favorite.
Scratch his eyes out with your nail polish.
Hey, wait a minute. Is this stuff tested on animals?
Kind of. We test it on men.
As a bitter rejected woman, I can feel good about that.
If you've had a breakup, take it from me and Recover Girl.
I love you so much.
And I love you too, my sweet.
Hey, isn't that your name in that tree?
Oh, why, yes it is.
And your ex-girlfriend?
Has a wealth of romance left you feeling kinda stumped?
You can cover unwanted reminders with these.
Forget me, knots.
The knotted wood product that's pre-engraved with the name
of your latest love.
Did somebody say knots?
Why, I was lower than a Doxons belly
until I covered up my obchakita's name
with my Nerlin family.
You can even hide more than one name.
You ought to take a look at the tree outside Los Tailors
and looks like a lumber yard.
All right.
Hey, do you have one that says
Margarita Rene Josephine Stubblefield?
Why, yes we do.
Our best seller. Here you go.
Look, honey, I've put your name up.
Will you take me back now?
Sure.
Hey, what's that tattoo on your...
Forget me, knots.
For when you wanna branch out in love
without getting re-axed.
So you finally got rid of the old ball and chain.
Now we can practice for the big race.
Hey, partner.
Um, I don't think so.
Aw, you're not still in love with Nancy, are you?
No, that's not it.
Right, so you're kinda sad.
Angry?
Constipated.
Yeah!
Well, ever since the breakup.
So your ex-packer bags and your colon.
Yeah, when we stopped going steady,
I stopped going steady.
Then try X-Lacks.
The lackadip of guys whose last dump was on their girlfriend.
Wow.
I used to be her number one,
but now it's settled for number two.
X-Lacks makes ending a relationship
the moving experience it should be.
Oh, wow, I feel like a regular guy again.
X-Lacks, when breaking up is hard to do-do.
Reggie, I've been looking all over for you.
Can we talk?
Hey, too late.
I dumped you first.
But I wasn't even gonna break up with you.
I was gonna tell you how much I care about you.
Hey.
I'm sorry, Nancy, will you forgive me?
Okay.
And now that we're back together,
can we be partners in the three-legged race?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I already promised my best buddy I'd be his partner.
Then will you be my partner in this song?
So, you ready for the big three-legged race?
Oh, I don't care about that kind of boyhood stuff anymore, Reg.
Why?
You got bit by the love bug, too?
In a big way, dude.
I'd like you to meet the turkey sandwich of my dreams.
What do you think?
I'm speechless.
Well, then I guess it's up to me to save,
reprise the theme song, and roll the credits.
Wait a minute.
I'm sorry.
I can't give the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me sore down, I know I can go down.
Don't you ever know?
And the fun never ends.
What's the world record for coughing up hairballs?
You don't want to know.
But, in case you do, stand by as Stimpy gets all choked up
and spews everything he's got.
And then some.
It's the most gut-wrenching rent in Stimpy ever.
Next.
Then it's Danny Cooksy.
You know him as Budnick on Salute Your Shorts.
on an all-new are you afraid of the dark stay tuned you don't want to miss this
stuff coming up on snick brown house is taped before live studio audience at CBS
studio center Hollywood California got it that's good enough
an object in motion tends to stay in motion
snick continue I hated everyone who was black or white or Asian or Native
American or Jewish or disabled or too skinny or fat or was a little too shy or
we're called it didn't like or talked away I didn't talk there won't be too many
people left for life prejudice is many don't like someone just because they're
different make friends with someone different Nickelodeon is taking
ordinary afternoons and making them legendary because now legends of the
hidden temple is on make every weekday this rock is ready to roll face the
temple's challenges ponder the ancient riddles and see ordinary kids live out
legendary adventures every single solitary weekday afternoon the temple
beckons heed the call and let Nick make your afternoons legendary on legends of
the hidden temple every weekday at 534 30 central only on Nickelodeon you are
you're very handsome you have amazing powers plunder and pirate treasure bag of
a billion coins by me a castle bigger than Mario's after me I'm the bad guy
and Wario Land Super Mario Land 3 we're being bad is good and greed is
good come and get it on Gameboy really we're a part of the future we're the
heart what a beautiful day we're gonna spend the whole weekend really roughing
it just like the animals yes sir it's back to nature for us right ran will you
shut up I don't want to rough anything so shut up
all right well I'm hungry don't tell me you didn't bring any food here we go
ran dehydrated food pills what just like the primitive man ain't see there's
pills for meat cheese vegetables grain tacos applesauce now that is truly
disgusting peels for food I'll have the red meat pill the red meat dinner pill
is only for the ruggedest of people since you want to make it easy why don't
you try a nice cream spinach pill I'll show you who's rugged give me that meat
pill okay ran okay but first you have to add what shut up I know what I'm
doing cowboys delight dinner I'm a cowboy
no sir I don't like it isn't this beautiful huh you know what would be
fun let's go skinny dipping what are you crazy oh come on red you like it no it's
all right ran it's nature and in red the water is fine I don't know what if
someone sees me we're in the middle of nowhere who's gonna see hmm well that
water does look pretty inviting okay yeah come no fair huh no oh come on ran come
on well okay oh hello there this feels great come on let's frolic
skinny dipping I just love skinny dipping hey fellas how you fellas doing beautiful
day isn't it boy it sure is nice to find other guys who are comfortable with
their nakedity like me say you know who'd like this I'm off to pick berries ran yeah
yeah will you like to fire while I'm gone what do I have to do everything
around here you know I'm lost without you how am I supposed to like this thing
wigs what are twigs no way to light a fire this is yes sir these will get her
going one roaring campfire coming up hang on there young fella I'll save you I just
love skinny stomping after stomping your campfire always douse the embers and stir
the ashes with a stick the stars beautiful run yeah they are this rough and
it stuff is great steampi why don't we sleep under the stars tonight okay pal what
a feast oh I'll never do that again I'm stuffed I don't know about you guys I'm
gonna lay me some eggs I hear you man and did I sleep good how'd you sleep ran I
slept alright this outdoor stuff sure makes you thirsty ash virgin spring
sweet lord no you can't drink that water ran beavers do their business in that
water if you drink it you could get beaver fever beaver fever what you mind
telling me what I am supposed to drink then don't worry ran I always bring a
supply of clean pure unpolluted water thanks steampi you're saved my don't feel
so good look what you've done to me now
stupid I just love skinny slapping rent steampi and snick will be back after
these messages submitted for the approval of the midnight society a whole new
season of spine-tangling tails on are you afraid of the dark only on stick
does it come in packs
is it big on taste what's going down
mando fruit squeezers our new adventure
you're getting very greedy you are me warrior you're very handsome you have
amazing powers plunder and manage pirates treasure bag of a billion coins buying me
a castle bigger than mario's repeat after me I'm the bad guy and warrior land
super mario land three we're being bad is good and greed is coming get it on
Gameboy greedy now class P is for pizza pizza
you think this is a crash that's not a crash you want to crash we'll give you a
crash introducing upper decks crash the card sweepstakes the grand prize winner
will meet Ken Griffin appear on this 95 baseball card just look for info on
this and over a million other prizes on packages of upper decks new collectors
choice baseball cards many will enter if you will win you asked and you asked for
more and now Nick's gonna give it to you more puppets more playland games more
wiener rising more cartoons you wanted more wienerville and now you're getting
more wienerville it's all new episodes of a brand new time watch wienerville
starting next Monday at 332 30 Cent for only on Nickelodeon get back on the bus
tonight for very very Nick at night I'm David Cassidy and I am there for you
bad yes tonight at 10 9 central Nick at night brings you very very David
Cassidy I've chosen four episodes I think you're gonna love some classic
Partridge family moments watch very very David Cassidy tonight at 10 9
Central only on Nick at night I'm sure it'll be very very good and now back to
the glow of the Renan Stimpy show go watch some to round it by filthy dirty
stinky hair ball oh and Stimpy gets home oh what I'm going to do your
regularly scheduled program for this news flash boy mayhem top scientists
discovered that beeline hairballs are an excellent source of non-polluting fuel
they're the perfect material for manufacturing the space shuttle's
heat shields they're a better source of material for clothing than either cotton
or wool they have more fiber than old friends they even cure pink up and
rising steadily and by the fact that to be more wet they're vile they're stinky
them and Stimpy please Stimpy do wharf a mighty pile of golden fleece upon my
grateful crown I can have those pectoral implants good texture up in
lick your other arm on that line and start wharfing but ran I need you to
make hairballs I guess you can lick off my hair come on come on get it over with
that makes my flesh growl you've rendered me hairless now get the wharfing I guess
you weren't hairy enough ran for nothing yes I'll go ran extend to steampy your
powerfully hairy arm are you going your plate still full that feels pretty hey
buddy you think you're ready to wharf some hair balls and get to it man
time is money oh Baba come on and steampy a hand yes I'll go ran please that
monkey Baba that's it steampy why there's nothing in here but a bunch of useless
bones and organs hmm this is serious well we'll have to do an exploratory exploratory
what's that John Baba what do you see nothing it's dark use your flashlight
stupid well that's better it's his hairball gland I think it's oh cat without
hairballs he's only half a cat steampy I got to make hairballs they're their big
fellow just lay back and relax but run what about your pectoral implants yeah
we can't lose is it hairball gland it's it's it's over it's over now bud Nick from
salute your shorts unwraps a mummy stay tuned for Danny cooks he gets starring in
the tale of the Guardians curse on an all-new are you afraid of the dark next
it's Nick or it's not pick snick every Saturday night
the bad guy and Wario Land Super Mario Land 3 we're being bad it's good and greed is
good
yellow spot ours is the hot part of this complete breakfast that's cool
the hot hot so hot yo slow down cheap he stole my onk your what my onk what's an
onk back off Godzilla and I'll show you stole it out of my private drawer thank
you now why did you take it what is it it's an onk you should have asked you're
always taking my stuff Tucker ask him can I borrow your onk don't make this any
harder all right thank you I need the onk because it's an ancient symbol everybody
knows it means life my story is full of ancient symbols but you have to know how
to read like the onk it means life and that's good but you have to be careful
because sometimes life could be far worse than anything you can imagine
including death submit it for the approval of the Midnight Society call
this story the tale of the Guardians curse right through here that's where
it's supposed to go all right it's not supposed to be a wall here what is that
thing
looks like it's from Egypt or something there's some kind of tool ain't these
things supposed to have curses on them or something that get out of here you
watch too many movies I think we better call someone on this funny it
doesn't look like Mount Snowbird to me where do we buy our lift tickets five
minutes no more dad we're really gone this time right no last minute
emergencies just a quick peek then we're off to the mountains for a whole week
else he lies Josh and Cleo Dugan's mom died when they were little so they were
brought up by their dad the professor he tried hard to be a good father but
unfortunately more about ancient stuff than about taking care of kids
this is amazing in all my years I'm on vacation Dr. Capel Smith five minutes and
I'm gone I believe you'll think twice when you see what we've got vacations come
and go but a find like this happens once in a lifetime and it was here all the
time my god where did you find it it was hidden behind a false wall must
have been sealed there for decades that's my mistake it's from the Egyptian
temple of life it was robbed in 1921 yes what we have to get this to my lab now
you know what this means right no vacation no skiing no life create an
entire Egyptian exhibit around it the publicity alone will increase donations
to the museum temple another vacation trashed August 21st 1921 the archaeological
community was shocked to discover that the newly unearthed temple of light was
ransacked last evening with most of its ancient treasure stolen the Egyptian
authorities are going to go ballistic they find out it's been in the museum
all this time mean of the garden we've got her
you know it was a goddess the ancient Egyptians believed that she used her
ring of eternity to bring forth life from the earth every spring she should
have used the ring on herself maybe she wouldn't be stuck in this old box but
there was two sides to the legend Mina was a beneficent but vindictive she
supposedly had the power to turn her enemies into stone
yuck there she is Mina the guardian don't feed him maybe we can starve him
out of there yeah I doubt it just because he doesn't have a life doesn't mean he
can ruin ours it's important it's like historic oh yeah like the important
monkey bone that nuked our vacation last year or the time he left us alone
for Christmas to see some old pot somebody dug up what can I say he
lives to work he needs it what he needs is a girlfriend showtime Clio look at this
I've managed to translate some markings on the sarcophagus apparently there
were blood sacrifices made to mean it to ensure a fruitful harvest yuck then I
found this the legend of the ring of eternity was widely known but there's
also mention of an elixir of life the elixir brings life the ring brings
eternity wow totally blown away there's also mention of a curse really the
guardians curse I was fairly standard but the ancients always threatened horrible
death and torture to those who disturb their tombs which is exactly what we
did it's swell I need you guys to get back to the museum and pick up that new set
of photos my extra set of keys are in the kitchen dad does this officially mean
the vacations off bingo we'll get the pictures Josh Clio I'm sorry kids you
know it's just that it's okay dad we only get a couple of school vacations a
year we get dumped on because of that yuck it's his work Josh and what about us I
mean we don't rate we're here we're alive I mean that thing is I don't know what
that thing is but it's really gross we'll go skiing next time next time is
all we ever get oops I can't believe you miss this don't touch it there's a curse
it's an onk the symbol of life oh we've got to show dad I better carry this I can
take it safer with me I can do it Josh gross I'm not picking it up you take
the ring I'll take the vial don't drop it I found these right when the names
go in the paper remember I made the discovery wait we forgot the pictures I
could like go down in history babes love babe I could Clio what what do you afraid
of the dark stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned ever's got a new pet he's
unpredictable uncivilized gross and he's a secret what's up with her now Dodger's
causing big trouble and it's more fun than humanly possible
monkey trouble starts Friday March 18th
you're getting very greedy you are me warrior you're very handsome you have a
man power plunder and pirate treasure bag of a billion coins buying me a castle
bigger than Mario's after me I'm the bad guy and Wario Land Super Mario Land
three we're being bad is good and greed is good come and get it on Game Boy
I'm eating confused about dating relax Clarissa explains it all in her new home
video consider the blind date you set me up with a Milton is Clarissa headed
for blind date and what happens when your best friends dream girl turns out to
be sweetie thanks she's cool and collected she's got all the
answers in two full episodes plus never before seen footage Clarissa explains it
all in dating her first home video from Nickelodeon everybody knows why kids
drink milk we like to taste it's fun but secretly kids are drinking milk because
it helps us grow bigger imagine us all in big cool bodies doing big cool things
wearing big cool clothes imagine us stand up late imagine us driving cars
everybody knows why kids drink milk we like to taste right sure we do but milk
does help us get bigger imagine us in charge
of all of Cheerio is part of this complete breakfast
now the sneaking begins again with are you afraid of the dark eternity dad I've
got to go to the museum after all sorry I love you dad he must have split before
all this happened you don't think it was we got to get dad the window he's
not here it's that curse oh man it's the curse get out of here that stuff
is made up oh yeah does this look made up to you it's real Cleo just like the
legend no way what about that body you're carrying around that's real too and
where's the mummy I don't believe it no it's gone Cleo what do you say that a
10,000 year old mummy just hopped off the table and that's exactly what I'm
seeing down here the fire exit on the other side the smell stuffy it's locked how
can they lock a fire door what is that smell the door what's your hat dad are
you okay I think so what is going on I think you're about to see for yourself
dr. capersman look out the mummy's on the loose I don't think so what exactly is
going on doctor your children have something I want what I don't understand
well then you're not as astute as I thought I want the ring of eternity I
didn't find the ring no but your children did I thought you had
discovered the ring professor and I wasn't about to let it be claimed by the
Egyptian authorities when it was so near my grasp I searched your home as it
turns out your children are more clever than you I've gotta go to the museum
after all sorry I love you dad knowing your plans I hurried back here before
your children arrived and so now here we stand how if you would be so kind as to
hand me that ring you're not thinking oh yes I intend to use that ring for myself
now give it to me I wouldn't value professor that odor you smell is a
kerosene I've soaked most of these crates one touch of this torch and this
museum becomes a furnace would take that risk I say we give it to her thank there's
nothing to think about we've got to do it Josh give him a ring what about give him
the right to stand good boy now slide it over here come on let them go I'm
afraid I can't do that professor I'm sure you go right to the authorities I can't
have them track me for the rest of eternity now can I don't do it doctor
please at least let us see if the ring works why not that's an immortal
save and a beauty it's incredible I guess he got what he wanted after all immortality
very clever little sister excuse me the translations they said the ring brings
eternity the elixir brings life he knew he had the ring but he didn't know he had
this elixir it's real we forgot to tell you dad the mommy's missing what my god
it's alive sir brings life the ring brings eternity I don't I wonder if she likes
the ski so the true guardians curse was immortality and dr. capo Smith was the
final victim yet see wasn't that worth letting him borrow it I guess the story
was pretty good hey the little toes still has my
arc Tucker stay tuned now for a very very Nick at night of Bell Bottoms
grooviness and words of wisdom from Keith Partridge it's very very David
Cassidy next on very very Nick at night